[Durable Objects] Remove beta tag on DO WebSocket Hibernation API (#13633)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/api/websockets.md

WebSockets are long-lived TCP connections that enable bi-directional, real-time communication between client and server.

Durable Objects support the Workers Runtime [WebSocket API](/workers/runtime-apis/websockets/). Your Durable Object can act as a single point-of-coordination for WebSocket sessions, giving you full control over messages sent to and from clients, allowing you to build applications like chat rooms and multiplayer games.

For more information beyond the API reference, refer to the [Build a WebSocket server](/durable-objects/examples/websocket-server/) example.

## WebSocket Hibernation API

> In addition to Workers WebSocket API, Durable Objects WebSocket Hibernation API includes the below extensions to standard WebSocket API, state mehods, and handler methods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to [Workers WebSocket API](/workers/runtime-apis/websockets/), Durable Objects WebSocket Hibernation API includes the below extensions to standard WebSocket API, state methods, and handler methods. 
```
